Webapp Assignment Oct. 4

Muyang Shi and Johnny Reichman

College Scorecard Data: https://collegescorecard.ed.gov/data/
On this page, there is an obvious green button with "DOWNLOAD ALL DATA" on it.
Clicking the button will make the browser download all the data.

*No School Ranking info (maybe consider get that info from somewhere else)
*No endowment info (where to get this information?)
P.S. we are open to new supplemental data resources, to enrich our dataset.

As a student, I can find the programs/degrees offered by a specific school, so that I can find out if this school offers what I'm interested in.
As a student, I can find schools that offer certain level of programs/degrees, so that I can find out the schools that offer what I'm interested in.

As a student, I can find the location of a specific school, so that I can know where it is.
As a student, I can find schools in certain locations (i.e. States, Cities, Urban/suburban/urual), so that I can go to school in a satisfying environment.

As a student, I can find the size of a specific school's student body, so that I can get a sense of what to expect.
As a student, I can find the schools within certain student body's size (i.e. <3000, >5000, etc.), so that I can find the schools with the right size for me.

As a government agency, I can find whether a school is a public/private school, to determine taxing/funding.
As a government agency, I can look at all the private/public schools, so that I can assess the effects of legislation.

As a student, I can look at the admission rate of certain schools, so that I can determine my chance of admission.
As a student, I can look at schools with certain admission rate (or test scores, etc.), so that I can find schools are the right challenge for me.

As a student, I can look at the cost and aid of certain schools, so that I can predict my estimated cost for college  education.
As a student, I can look at the schools with certain cost and aid so that my college education can be affordable.

As a professor, I can look at the salary that a certain school offers, to predict my lifestyle.
As a professor, I can look at the schools that offer certain amount of salary, so that I can live a desirable life.

As a user, I can search for all metrics within a given category, so that I don't need to read the website, so that I can adjust my searches accordingly.

As a veteran, I can search for schools that have a large percentage of students age 25+, cuz I don't wanna be with kids.

List of categories (Just for our convenience):
	academics
	admissions
	completion

	aid	
	cost
	earnings
	repayment

	student (body, demographics, size)

As a user, I can compare the selected attributes of some schools, so that I can figure out which is a better fit for me.

As a user, I can compare the correlation between multiple attributes of a School (or group of schools), to satisfy my curiosity/actually, for research purposes.
For example:
	As a researcher, I can look at:
		admission rate over tuition
		admissions rate over earnings
		tuition over earnings
		demographics over admissions rate
		average faculty salary over tuition		